[expo-notifications] [ENG-10251] background notifications in foreground (#24684)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v49.0.0/sdk/notifications.mdx

| false                              |        Foreground        | `NotificationReceivedListener`                                          |
| false                              | Foreground or Background | `BackgroundNotificationTask`                                            |
| false                              |          Killed          | none                                                                    |
| true                               |        Foreground        | `NotificationReceivedListener` & `NotificationResponseReceivedListener` |
| true                               |        Background        | `NotificationResponseReceivedListener`                                  |
| true                               |          Killed          | `NotificationResponseReceivedListener`                                  |

In the table above, whenever `NotificationResponseReceivedListener` is triggered, the same would apply to the `useLastNotificationResponse` hook.

### Background notifications

> **warning** Background event listeners are not supported in Expo Go.

> A background notification (iOS) or a data-only notifiation (Android) is a remote notification that does not display an alert, play a sound, or add a badge to your app's icon. The purpose of a background notification is to give you a way to wake up your app to trigger an app data refresh in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background notification (iOS) or a data-only notification (Android) is a remote notification that does not display an alert, play a sound, or add a badge to your app's icon. The purpose of a background notification is to provide a way to wake up your app to trigger an app data refresh in the background.
```

In the suggestion:
- Fixed typo
- a bit more concise
